a time when both egg and the brooding
parent are permanently at risk
[Music]
smaller over actors are no more than a
nuisance
larger predators are a different story
unwilling to leave the nest the adult
protects its offspring first by hiding
and if that fails it goes on the
offensive
[Music]
protecting the nest means Giganta
raptors young are more likely to survive
it now seems clear that the instinct to
nurture and care for a nest of eggs had
its origins with the dinosaurs it's a
behavior that was so successful it's
still widespread today with birds but
the fossils show something else these
animals all died sitting on their nests
[Music]
it seems that the threats don't always
come from predators sometimes the real
danger comes from the most unlikely
places
[Music]
these dinosaurs were all buried alive